Update 2024-05-15-this-week-in-rust.md (#5503)
rust-lang/this-week-in-rust: draft/2024-05-15-this-week-in-rust.md

### Observations/Thoughts

> - [Error Handling for Large Rust Projects - A Deep Dive into GreptimeDB's Practices](https://greptime.com/blogs/2024-05-07-error-rust)

Reviewer: formatting fix
```suggestion
* [Error Handling for Large Rust Projects - A Deep Dive into GreptimeDB's Practices](https://greptime.com/blogs/2024-05-07-error-rust)
```

[guidelines]: https://users.rust-lang.org/t/twir-call-for-participation/4821

> Here are the GreptimeDB and OSPP issues for community contributors (students). Mentors and bonuses will be provided for contributors who are selected:
> 
> * [Adding JSON Type to GreptimeDB](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/greptimedb/issues/3686)
> 
> * [Resource Constrained Framework for Embedded Environments](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/greptimedb/issues/3685)
> 
> * [Design and implement an evaluation program similar to TPC-DS/TPC-H for time-series scenarios](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/greptime-bench)
> 
> Please register through this website: https://summer-ospp.ac.cn/org/orgdetail/32cda81d-a705-4ab7-8b13-7c27a86ac19a?lang=en
> 

Reviewer: Harmonizing formatting; editing for length.
```suggestion

* [greptimedb - Adding JSON Type to GreptimeDB](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/greptimedb/issues/3686)*
* [greptimedb - Resource Constrained Framework for Embedded Environments](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/greptimedb/issues/3685)*
* [GreptimeTeam - Design and implement an evaluation program similar to TPC-DS/TPC-H for time-series scenarios](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/greptime-bench)*

> * Issues open for student applications via OSPP. Selected students will be assigned a mentor(s), and may receive bonuses. Please register through the [OSPP link](https://summer-ospp.ac.cn/org/orgdetail/32cda81d-a705-4ab7-8b13-7c27a86ac19a?lang=en).

```
